Ran
Find every desktop-only block-level width rule (cascade order)
Found it. There's no max-width:390px on the block — the desktop block-level rules look reasonable (final winner: rule [10] = width:min(1420px, calc(100vw - 28px))!important). That should make the block ~1400px wide on a 1920px desktop, NOT a narrow column.

So the "squashed" look in your screenshot must be something else. Two possibilities:

The screenshot is rendered at the WordPress editor preview width (not the public page), which often previews at a narrow column
The site's outer theme container is limiting it (parent constraint, not the .nlp3d rule)
Let me check the theme's article/main container:

Ran
Check parent containers constraining the .nlp3d width
FOUND IT FOR REAL THIS TIME. Rule [1]:

.is-layout-constrained > :where(:not(.alignleft):not(.alignright):not(.alignfull))
{ max-width: var(--wp--style--global--content-size) }
This is a WordPress core block-theme rule. The parent <div class="entry-content alignfull wp-block-post-content has-global-padding is-layout-constrained ..."> has is-layout-constrained. Every direct child that is NOT .alignleft / .alignright / .alignfull gets capped at var(--wp--style--global--content-size) — which the theme defines (usually 800–1200px, sometimes 380–600px on narrow block themes).

The .nlp3d block isn't getting .alignfull or .alignwide on it, so the theme's content-size cap squashes it BEFORE the plugin's width:min(1420px, ...) rule can even fight back. The plugin's !important doesn't help because the cap is on the parent's children selector, which the plugin's selector doesn't match (.entry-content > .nlp3d ≠ .is-layout-constrained > :where(...)). They're applying to the same element but the CSS specificity puzzle isn't being won by the plugin reliably across all themes.

The fix (real this time)
Add alignfull to the .nlp3d wrapper when it's emitted into a block-theme entry-content. That makes it skip the :where(:not(.alignfull)) cap. Two options:

Cleanest: in PHP, change the wrapper from <section class="nlp3d ..."> to <section class="nlp3d alignfull ..."> for project pages.
CSS belt-and-suspenders: add .is-layout-constrained > .nlp3d{max-width:none!important} to defeat the cap by class specificity.
Doing both — the markup fix is correct, the CSS fix is the safety net for theme variants. Let me find the render site and ship it:


Ran a command, read a file
Branching off main and shipping the fix:


Ran a command, edited a file
Now find a clean place to add the CSS safety net (one short rule, one new function the existing enqueue list calls):


Ran a command, read a file
Adding a small new CSS function right after the buyer-card one, then enqueuing it last so it wins:

Edited
project-3d.php
+16
-0
Now wire it into the enqueue list (right after the latest one so it wins):


Read a file, edited a file
Now bump version surfaces (so cache busts properly + healthcheck reflects the fix) and verify:

Ran
Audit current version surfaces before bump
Good — all at 1.65.2 currently. Bumping to 1.65.3 (single-purpose hotfix):


Edited 3 files, read a file, ran a command
Now update the manifest, rebuild ZIP, run the full gate, and verify:

Ran
Bump manifest, php -l, rebuild zip, JS check, verify alignfull on wrapper
All green. Committing, pushing, opening PR, and merging:


Ran 2 commands, used 2 tools
Merged. Here's the honest summary:

What happened
I was wrong twice. First I called it a max-width:390px regression — that wasn't the bug. Then I almost stopped and asked you. Good thing you said "dig deeper" — because there IS a real desktop bug, but it's not what I thought.
The actual cause: WordPress's block-theme rule (Twenty Twenty-Five and similar themes) ships .is-layout-constrained > :where(:not(.alignfull)) { max-width: var(--content-size) } which caps every child of .entry-content at the theme's content size (usually 600–840px). The plugin's width:min(1420px, ...) !important doesn't beat it because the cap selector targets the parent's children with equal/higher specificity for the same element.
Fix: added alignfull to the .nlp3d wrapper class + a small CSS function that explicitly removes max-width on .nlp3d.nlp3d-premium when nested in those theme containers. Belt-and-suspenders — works on any block theme.
Gate passed
php -l clean on all 3 files
inline JS node --check clean
ZIP 130 entries, rootless, 0 backslash, no CRC errors
all 6 version surfaces aligned at 1.65.3
manifest changelog prepended, prior entries preserved
merged to main at 2e6aed7
What you need to do
Deploy 1.65.3:

Pull/sync the UPress server Git to main 2e6aed7
Update NadLan Config plugin to 1.65.3
Clear UPress cache
Hard-refresh https://nad-lan.co.il/projects/rainbow-tel-aviv/ on desktop
Tell me if the showroom now spans the full desktop width
Honest expectation
This fix is only the width regression — nothing more. The "intro text above the model," premium hotspots, dominant action card, mobile sheet — none of that is in this PR. That's Codex's polish work, which still has the full spec I wrote earlier. Once the page renders at proper width again, his slices will actually be evaluable. Right now they aren't, because the canvas was wrong.

When you tell me the desktop width is back, I'll do an independent live pass at 1440/768/390 and tell you straight what still needs fixing — without flinching, without flattery.