I still want you to regenerate pictures. I want to see what is in your vision, okay? And that you affirm to me that it's technically possible to do it the way you did it. I, I don't like gold so much, so I, I need to see what you-- what, what's, what's your direction, okay? Um, and how much it's possible. I want you to understand as well that every project will have its own world, okay? First of all, the language should be more very much SEO, but not critic, okay? In Dimri and in Rainbow, there was a critic language like let's see what you need to check and, like, doubt, doubting them, okay? This is... We do need to show rela-reliability and checking and that, that we are like it's a real trustable thing. We are not just marketing, okay? But I want, I want it to be each and one of them to, to go-- to make decisions, and I want also project comparison engine. Uh, in-- Each project needs to be a world, okay? Attached all things that, like... Let's think about investor for an investor, for an buyer. Like, have links to all surrounding info on all surroundings, all the needed, uh, documents and professionals and designers and, and future urban plans and transportation, okay? Like hub, this is like the hub and the spokes also. It's part of projects are s-- are, are, are practically spokes of... But they are hubs for themselves, okay? And, uh, you get all the info, okay? You, you, you, like, enter into a, an, a, a real world, okay? The simulation, and you can check everything. You can check the schools, you can show-- You can s-- You can see the map around, okay? The, the future urban, the municipalities' plans, okay? Everything has to be written, okay, with the, with the... See. So I, I want you to generate again. Your direction was very good. I liked it very much, okay? Think again about Xero, Compass, Own.com, MetaPro, Netview, 3D tools, everything. Like, also, you know, everything real estate in, in every, in every aspect, okay? And, and generate, generate the page. I want you to generate the page with the text like a screenshot. I want to see how it's going to look, okay? Because before I, I tell you, "Okay, let's go," I really want to see what we both have in mind, okay? Uh, so let's generate again with the refinements. And again, it must be honestly be feasible, achievable, okay? Take into account all the technical data, okay, of what you're doing, what, what are the, the technical environments, okay? And tell me really that it's possible, and it's going to be well-designed, and the, the, the, the project can be spinned, and it looks like architectural something, and if you can really click on it or no. Uh, let's do it again, okay? Let's now get the best model, okay? And technically check everything is possible, okay? And tell me... Because when I tell you go, I want, I want us to set this model as a goal and achieve it, okay? So make it like even a manual, okay? Give-- Put all the text. Write the text. So you ma-- You have to do the self-research, okay? So you also make the text already, and then you generate the full picture. Like you screenshot it, the result, okay? Like we're doing reverse engineering here, okay? And, like, make it a manual, like, like, like full stack manual. This is gonna be like that, and this is that. This is the text. This is the headlines. It's going to be aligned like this. It's going to be designed. It's going to be-- to have, uh, its-- all the, the, the attached data on. It's going to have the facade, uh, the internal tour. Uh, how are we gonna do it? Okay. I, I need really like, like, um, um, you give me a notebook with manual, with pictures, with screenshot of the real page, okay?

And a thing that maybe we have forgotten is like saving a place for marketing materials, okay? We're gonna have an internal tour too, that's okay. But we-- I, I want also a place where we can put a video, okay? We, we-- Uh, maybe I download the video from YouTube or, or embed, embed from YouTube or even a place where you can actually make a, a video conference, like a small place, like, um, where we can do these things, okay? And a gallery of pictures that, uh, like the contractor wants to give us and wants to be on. We, we need to save the place, okay? So everything has to be also like modular. So also in the future, we might want to add sections and like... So we have to think about like also making it modular if we want to make a place with video or video conference or chat or anything or gallery or whatever, okay? Prospects, drawings, plans. It all-- Also, we don't, we don't make a, a, a flat picture, okay? We, we think about how, how we also feed it into the system. Okay. Everything. We, we are now creating the full world, okay? Not just a picture. But I want to see a picture like a screenshot afwe- after we developed it completely, okay? And your design was beautiful. A little bit refinements. Let's see what we can do

Also, the, the logo and the favicon, we all-- like let's, let's really take this opportunity to redesign and think about, okay, I put a screenshot of what Lovable made. It's not mandatory for you to go with this direction, okay? But it may help you to do the refinements. And again, don't go on a design that looks good but is not practical, okay? And modular and it's future. You need to re-- I want you to research all this modular, modularity things and you are not, you are not just designing a, a nice picture, okay?